    A penny saved is ridiculous. 
    The only thing that hurts more than paying income tax is not having to pay income tax. 
    Intuition (n): an uncanny sixth sense which tells people that they are right, whether they are or not. 
    Dictatorship (n): a form of government under which everything which is not prohibited is compulsory. 
    Concerto (n): a fight between a piano and a pianist. 
    Communist (n): one who has given up all hope of becoming a Capitalist. 
    Book (n): a utensil used to pass time while waiting for the TV repairman. 
    Bagpipes (n): an octopus wearing a kilt. 
    Advertising (n): the science of arresting the human intelligence for long enough to get money from it.
What happens to the hole when the cheese is gone?
War is like love; it always finds a way.
Today every invention is received with a cry of triumph which soon turns into a cry of fear.
What is the crime of robbing a bank compared with the crime of founding one.
He who laughs last has not yet heard the bad news.
Poverty makes you sad as well as wise.
The miracle is not to fly in the air, or to walk on the water, but to walk on the earth.
Love your neighbors, but don't pull down the fence.
A human being should be able to heal a wound, plan an expedition, order from a French menu, climb a mountain face, enjoy a ballet, balance accounts, roll a kayak, embolden a friend, tell a joke, laugh at himself, cooperate, act alone, sing a children's song, solve equations, throw a dog a stick, pitch manure, program a computer, cook a tasty meal, love heartily, fight efficiently, die gallantly. Specialization is for insects.
For every complex problem, there is a solution that is simple, neat, and wrong.
Perhaps in time the so-called Dark Ages will be thought of as including our own. 
I get my exercise running to the funerals of my friends who exercise.
I dread success. To have succeeded is to have finished one's business on earth, like the male spider, who is killed by the female the moment he has succeeded in his courtship. I like a state of continual becoming, with a goal in front and not behind.
Be careful of reading health books, you might die of a misprint.
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.
It is by the fortune of God that, in this country, we have three benefits: freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either. 
Whenever you find that you are on the side of the majority, it is time to reform. 
Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing.
I believe I have found the link between animals and civilized man. It is us. 
When all actions are mathematically calculated, they also take on a stupid quality. 
Life without risk would be like chilli without heat - edible but bland.
Gary Egger, Ross Spark & Jim Lawson 
The risk climate of modernity is thus unsettling for everyone: no one escapes. 
Life is short, science is long; opportunity is elusive, experiment is dangerous, judgement is difficult. 
A wise man thinks it more advantageous not to join the battle than to win.
There is more to life than increasing it's speed.
In fact, safety has no place anywhere. Everything that's fun in life is dangerous. Horse races, for instance, are very dangerous. But attempt to design a safe horse and the result is a cow (an appalling animal to watch at the trotters.) And everything that isn't fun is dangerous too. It is impossible to be alive and safe. 
Moderation is a fatal thing. Nothing succeeds like excess.
Life has become the ideology of its own absence.
Life has changed into a timeless succession of shocks, interspaced with empty, paralysed intervals.
All you have to do is relax and feel your history, because it will never go away and there is no future without it.
If you're patient and you wait long enough, something will usually happen and it'll usually be something you don't like.
I think there is a world market for maybe five computers.
Thomas Watson, chairman of IBM, 1958 
Fishing ... is a sport invented by insects and you are the bait. 
The Republicans are the party that says government doesn't work and then gets elected and proves it.
On Friday, June 12, 1992, 110 heads of state gathered at Riocentro. They were indistinguishable in dress and deportment. Where was biodiversity when we needed it? 
It's not the 'nice' guy who brings about real social change. 'Nice' guys look nice because they're conforming. It's the 'bad' guys, who only look nice a hundred years later, that are the real Dynamic force in social evolution.
A man who says that men are machines may be a great scientist. A man who says he is a machine is 'depersonalized' in psychiatric jargon.
Because we have put ourselves in our own zoo, we find it difficult to break out.
As far as Germany extends, it ruins culture.
Self-worth and financial worth become indistinguishable.
I spent most of my time thinking, because I didn't have enough energy to do anything else.
Liberals like people with their heads, radicals like people with both their heads and their hearts.
The only nonpartisan people are those who are dead.
Our world has always had two kinds of changers, the social changers and the money changers.
Neither love nor terror makes one blind: indifference makes one blind. 
If all you want to do is make money, the very last thing you need is imagination. 
Creative thought must always contain a random component.
Information consists of differences that make a difference.
Science probes; it does not prove.
Those who lack all idea that it is possible to be wrong can learn nothing except know-how.
In the nature of the case, an explorer can never know what he is exploring until it has been explored.
If the expenditure of money for entertainment in America is any indication of taste, clearly the majority of us are addicted to trash. 
When time grows short, self-serving wins out over others-serving.
I don't believe in heroism; I know it's easy and I've learned it can be murderous. What interests me is living and dying for what one loves. 
Pity is easy, but it is difficult to care.
Institutions have the pathetic megalomania of the computer whose whole vision of the world is its own program.
Social evolution may be the result of intention, but it rarely, if ever, produces the result intended.
In man, at least, satisfaction is commonly followed by boredom.
One may wonder indeed whether the pretense of superior health is not itself rapidly becoming a mental aberration.
You are always born under the wrong sign, and to live in this world properly you have to rewrite your own horoscope day by day.
Fools are in great demand, especially on social occasions. They embarrass everyone but provide material for conversation. In their positive form, they become diplomats.
Our agenda, by necessity, is as complex and encompassing as the problems we face: beware of politicians promising simple solutions.
The same men who are blind and deaf to feminism are acutely sensitive to what threatens their dominance and privilege.
The view of life as a struggle for power generates a language in which life has no significance and only power matters.
In six days the Lord created the heavens and the earth and all the wonders therein. There are some of us who feel that He might have taken just a little more time.
They say that death is just nature's way of telling you to slow down a little bit.
Golf is the only opportunity that middle-aged WASPs have to dress up like a pimp. 
Now I have a cat. Well, that's not quite accurate. A cat and I have each other. 
People know elections, like television commercials, are not real.
If everyone has to be a watchdog in order to make government work, then the foxes will also volunteer to serve.
The problem of modern democracy is rooted in its neglect of unorganized people.
It is better to be full of drink than full of food.
In life, man proposes, God disposes.
If you are free, you are not predictable and you are not controllable.
Sometimes we become so sophisticated we have to read the New York Times in order to figure out whether it's a hot or a rainy day.
War is always a professional enterprise; despair is left to amateurs.
What we think is less than what we know; what we know is less than what we love; what we love is so much less than what there is. And to that precise extent we are so much less than what we are.
Wilderness is a resource which can shrink but not grow.
The modern dogma is comfort at any cost.
To build a road is so much simpler than to think of what the country really needs.
Good health has become a new ritual of patriotism, a market place for the public display of secular faith in the power of will.
What our laws show is the extent and degree to which conflict has to be suppressed.
Truth has been displaced as a value and replaced by psychological effectiveness.
Modern politics is civil war carried on by other means.
I can't understand why you don't get any mail from me. Perhaps it's because I haven't been writing.
Please accept my resignation. I don't care to belong to any club that will have me as a member.
TV is the rat race of the century.
The earth is a museum of divine intent.
We have assumed control where once we worked with what we were given.
Our weird problem is an abundance of resources and a shortage of hard economic reasons not to use them.
Originality is the one thing which unoriginal minds cannot feel the use of.
Through men ... you learn how the world is. Through women you learn what it is.
Man is a sad mammal that combs its hair.
All animals are equal but some animals are more equal than others.
Time makes more converts than reason.
Individuals would never have a chance acting alone; only organized people could balance organized money.
Of course, everyone wants to be healthy. The amusing thing is no one's really sure how to do it.
The rich are very charitable: they understand that they have to pay ransom for their riches.
Individuals control their behavior in order to control the behavior of others.
And keep in mind: statistically you can prove that most Miami residents are born Cuban and die Jewish!
It makes me angry when people insist that I have a responsibility to do what they think I should do.
Rational answers seldom do explain.
While there are men, there will always be lies.
To kiss and to kill are similar words to eyes that focus with difficulty.
Nothing is so dangerous as being too modern. One is apt to grow old-fashioned quite suddenly.
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
Questions are never indiscreet. Answers sometimes are.
The only difference between the saint and the sinner is that every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future.
Men become old, but they never become good.
To be popular one must be a mediocrity.
I can stand brute force, but brute reason is quite unbearable.
Like all people who try to exhaust a subject, he exhausted his listeners.
Philosophical problems arise when language goes on holiday.
Screw us once, shame on them; screw us twice, shame on us.
The side without power is always the side that is accused of being irrational.
Only pessimists have a tolerant attitude.
Never ask the gods for life set free from grief, but ask for courage that endureth long.
Liberty is given by nature even to mute animals.
Love is a canvas furnished by Nature and embroidered by imagination. 
Behold the turtle. He makes progress only when he sticks his neck out.
Nothing is more useful than silence.
The world is full of suffering. Birth is suffering, decre- pitude is suffering, sickness and death are sufferings. To face a man of hatred is suffering, to be separated from a beloved one is suffering, to be vainly struggling to satisfy one's needs is suffering. In fact, life that is not free from desire and passion is always involved with suffering.
Show me a thoroughly satisfied man - and I will show you a failure.
Let no man fear to die, we love to sleep all, And death is but the sounder sleep. 
When a broken tank is filled with water, It certainly will leak on every side. Weak men who grow rich Seldom leave an inheritance.
Art is the stored honey of the human soul, gathered on wings of misery and travail. 
I dreamed a thousand new paths ... I woke and walked my old one. 
Let your life lightly dance on the edges of time like dew on the tip of a leaf. 
Rabindranath Tagore (1861-1941) 
Doubt, of whatever kind, can be ended by Action alone.
Not every end is a goal. The end of a melody is not its goal; however, if the melody has not reached its end, it would also not have reached its goal.
A great obstacle to happiness is to expect too much happiness.
To fight and conquer in all your battles is not supreme excellence; supreme excellence consists in breaking the enemy's resistance without fighting.
The integrity of men is to be measured by their conduct, not by their professions.
The shepherd drives the wolf from the sheep's throat, for which the sheep thanks the shepherd as his liberator, while the wolf denounces him for the same act as the destroyer of liberty. 
The more extensive a man's knowledge of what has been done, the greater will be his power of knowing what to do.
We do not know what to do with this short life, yet we want another which will be eternal. 
The future comes one day at a time.
Tomorrow is a satire on today, And shows its weakness. 
Words are often seen hunting for an idea, but ideas are never seen hunting for words.
Every wave is new until it breaks.
Every exit is an entry to somewhere else.
Whatever you do will be insignificant, but it is very important that you do it.
Some people think that because they do the opposite of what they are asked to do, they have initiative
I'm not denying that women are foolish. God almighty made them to match men.
George Eliot (Mary Ann Evans) 
The mind embraces all the nobler aspirations but your body has all the fun.
If you don't make mistakes, you don't make anything
Life is like a sewer - what you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
In a connected world, you've gotta know the links.
And the seasons they go round and round, 
And the painted ponies go up and down,
We're captive on the carousel of time,
We can't return, we can only look behind,
From where we came and go round and round and round
'Tis writ on Paradise's gate Woe to the dupe that yields to Fate!
The paradox of courage is that a man must be a little careless of his life in order to keep it. 
Health promotion is a political enterprise rooted in human preferences and prejudices - and these add greatly to its capacity to mislead.
Instead of exposures to toxic materials and mechanical dangers, we are discovering the toxicity of social circumstances and patterns of social organization.
Whoever undertakes to set himself up as judge in the field of truth and knowledge is shipwrecked by the laughter of the Gods.
I have no special gift. I am only passionately curious.
A hundred times every day I remind myself that my inner and outer life are based on the labors of others.
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
No problem can be solved from the same consciousness that created it.
If there is any truth to reincarnation, this must be my first trip through, 'cause I don't recognize anything.
Thus we never live, but we hope to live; and always disposing ourselves to be happy, it is inevitable that we never become so.
There were but two families in the world, Have-much and Have-little.
Miguel de Cervantes 1547-1616 
Many go out for wool, and come home shorn themselves.
Miguel de Cervantes 1547-1616 
I know everything except myself.
There are only two important things in politics. The first is money and I can't remember the second.
A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes. 
The past cannot be changed, the future is still in your power.
We must all obey the great law of change. It is the most powerful law of nature.
There are scores of thousands of sects who are ready at a moment's notice to reveal the will of God on every possible subject
Every work of art is an uncommitted crime.
The task of art today is to bring chaos into order.
Apocalypse has become banal, a set of statistical risk parameters to everyone's existence.
The abolition of the class struggle does not mean the abolition of the need to struggle as a principle of development.
Democracy is held captive, not just by money, but by ideas - the ideas that money buys.
Agitation and commitment are dangerous for the peace of humanity, and the only thing which is even more dangerous is their absence.
The 'data' (given) of research are not so much given as taken out of a constantly elusive matrix of happenings. We should speak of capta rather than data. 
Education, I fear, is learning to see one thing by going blind to another.
I hate churches, all of them. But they used to know something about the importance of silence.
Individuals control their behavior in order to control the behavior of others.
Everything has changed and nothing is changed.
Few ever see what is not already inside their heads.
Sight is a promiscuous sense. The avid gaze always wants more.
One must be serious about something, if one wants to have any amusement in life.
I am too fond of reading books to care to write them.
Children begin by loving their parents: as they grow older they judge them; sometimes they forgive them.
The secret source of humor itself is not joy but sorrow. There is no humor in heaven.
Music is well said to be the speech of angels.
Method is more important than strength, when you wish to control your enemies. By dropping golden beads near a snake, a crow once managed To have a passerby kill the snake for the beads. 
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not.
There's a lot of people in this world who spend so much time watching their health that they haven't the time to enjoy it. 
I don't want to be a genius, I have enough problems just trying to be a man.
God created man in His own image, says the Bible; philosophers reverse the process: they create God in theirs.
A government is the only known vessel that leaks from the top.
If falling in love is anything like learning how to spell, I don't want to do it. It takes too long. 
Love will find you, even if you are trying to hide from it. I been trying to hide from it since I was five, but the girls keep finding me. 
Don't forget your wife's name ... that will mess up the love. 
In life, as in art, the beautiful moves in curves.
Virtue is a kind of health, beauty and good habit of the soul.
A religion that requires persecution to sustain it is of the devil's propagation.
Experience is not what happens to a man. It is what a man does with what happens to him.
Be slow of tongue and quick of eye.
The important thing is, not to stop questioning.
I got a simple rule about everybody. If you don't treat me right - shame on you.
Look around you! This is where the path of hatred has brought us.
The best things in life aren't things.
To the query, 'What is a friend?' his reply was 'A single soul dwelling in two bodies.'
Be yourself - who else is better qualified?
You don't get harmony when everybody sings the same note.
Remember, we all stumble, every one of us. That's why it's a comfort to go hand in hand.
Never look down on anybody unless you're helping him up.
It takes a long time to become young.
'Stay' is a charming word in a friend's vocabulary.
Age is of no importance unless you are a cheese.
It is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious. 
Nature always sides with the hidden flaw. 
Enough research will tend to support your theory. 
Logic is a systematic method of coming to the wrong conclusion with confidence. 
If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs, then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization. 
A meeting is an event at which the minutes are kept and the hours are lost. 
The first myth of management is that it exists. 
Smile, it makes people wonder what you are thinking. 
The theory is supported as long as the funds are. 
Ashley-Perry Statistical Axioms:
The product of an arithmetical computation is the answer to an equation; it is not the solution to a problem. 
If you think education is expensive - try ignorance. 
Complex problems have simple, easy to understand wrong answers. 
A taxpayer is someone who does not have to take a civil service exam in order to work for the government. 
Only God can make a random selection. 
If rats are experimented upon, they will develop cancer. (What this country needs are some stronger white rats.) 
The optimist thinks this is the best of all possible worlds, and the pessimist knows it. 
The wider any culture is spread, the thinner it gets. 
If you can't measure output, then you measure input. 
If you see a man approaching with the obvious intent of doing you good, run for your life. 
Consider pleasures as they depart, not as they come.
We trained hard - but every time we were beginning to form into teams we would be restructured. I was to learn later in life that we tend to meet any situation by restructuring ... and a wonderful method it can be for creating an illusion of progress, while producing confusion, inefficiency and demoralisation.
Petronius Obit/Petronius Arbiter 100BC or AD 66 
Human health is connected to the environment much like a rainbow that connects sky and earth.
Lorelei Anne Lambert Colomeda 
The poor man must walk to get meat for his stomach, the rich man to get a stomach to his meat.
The thinker makes a great mistake when he asks after cause and effect. They both together make up the indivisible phenomena.
Everything is simpler than you think and at the same time more complex than you imagine.
I can promise to be sincere, but not to be impartial.
There are times when one would like to hang the whole human race, and finish the farce.
Work is a four-letter word, fun isn't.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
It has recently been discovered that research causes cancer in lab rats.
Matrimony - the high sea for which no compass has yet been invented.
Here the melting pot stands open - if you're willing to get bleached first.
Piglet sidled up to Pooh from behind. Pooh! he whispered. Yes, Piglet? Nothing, said Piglet, taking Pooh's paw. I just wanted to be sure of you.
You can't help respecting anybody who can spell TUESDAY, even if he doesn't spell it right; but spelling isn't everything. There are days when spelling Tuesday simply doesn't count.
He's a Fool that makes his Doctor his Heir.
The great are great only because we are on our knees. Let us rise!
When I feed the poor, they call me a saint. When I ask why the poor have no food, they call me a communist.
Dom Helder Camara, Archbishop of Recife 
Don't part with your illusions. When they are gone you may still exist, but you have ceased to live.
What is Man? Man is a noisome bacillus whom Our Heavenly Father created because he was disappointed in the monkey.
All of us contain Music & Truth, but most of us can't get it out.
It is curious that physical courage should be so common in the world, and moral courage so rare.
A half-educated physician is not valuable. He thinks he can cure everything.
The man who is a pessimist before 48 knows too much; if he is an optimist after it, he knows too little.
I can live for two months on a good compliment.
When we remember we are all mad, the mysteries of life disappear and life stands explained.
I am no lazier now than I was forty years ago, but that is because I reached the limit forty years ago. You can't go beyond possibility.
What, Sir, would the people of the earth be without women? They would be scarce, Sir, almighty scarce.
Words ought to be a little wild, for they are the assault of thoughts upon the unthinking.
I disapprove of what you say, but will defend to the death your right to say it.
Only after the last tree has been cut down
Only after the last river has been poisened
Only after the last fish has been caught
Then will you find that money cannot be eaten
Sometimes the best gain is to lose.
Beauty is power. A smile is its sword.
If looks could kill I need a license for my face.
The desire of a man for a woman is not directed at her because she is a human being, but because she is a woman. That she is a human being is of no concern to him.
The difference between perseverance and obstinacy is: that one often comes from a strong will, and the other from a strong won't. 
Judge a tree from its fruit; not from the leaves.
If you come here to help me, then you are wasting your time. But if you come here because your liberation is bound up in mine, then let us begin.
Lilla Watson, Indigenous Australian educator and activist 
Only when lions have historians will hunters cease being heroes.
As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters. 
If you create an act, you create a habit. If you create a habit, you create a character. If you create a character, you create a destiny. 
There's not much need for prophets who are in synch with their society.
The higher we rise, the more isolated we become. All elevations are cold.
The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost.
If we do not discipline ourselves, the world will do it for us.
Love in its essence is spiritual fire.
True knowledge is a virtue of the talented, but harmful to those without discernment. Spring water free of impurity, entering the ocean, becomes undrinkable.
This body is not a home, but an inn; and that only for a short time.
A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and ask for it back when it begins to rain.
It's faith in something and enthusiasm for something that makes life worth living.
Oliver Wendell Holmes (1809-1894) 
At the outset, the man does not comprehend the nature of prevailing forces nor does he perceive them as a connected whole. This superficial view is acceptable for the masses, but the superior man should know better.
Laws are generally not understood by three sorts of persons: those that make them, those that execute them, and those that suffer if they break them.
As shadows attend substances, so words follow upon things.
The talent of success is nothing more than doing what you can do well, and doing well whatever you do without thought of fame. If it comes at all it will come because it is deserved, not because it is sought after. 
One should count each day a separate life.
It is a man's own mind - not his enemy or his foe that lures him into evil ways.
America is the only country that went from barbarism to decadence without civilization in between.
Anytime you wish to demonstrate something, the number of faults encountered is proportional to the number of viewers.
Misery no longer loves company. Nowadays it insists on it.
At some time in the life cycle of virtually every organization, its ability to succeed in spite of itself runs out.
Brown's Law of Business Success 
Every man's life is a fairy tale, written by God's fingers.
Hans Christian Anderson (1802-1875) 
Things forbidden have a secret charm.
If fifty million people say a foolish thing, it is still a foolish thing.
There are a significant number of learned men and women who hold that any successful effort to make ideas lively, intelligible and interesting is a manifestation of deficient scholarship. This is the fortress behind which the minimally coherent regularly find refuge.
The secret of success is constancy of purpose.
All strangers and beggars are from God, and a gift, though small, is precious.
Character is like a tree and reputation like its shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing. 
Life is what happens to you, while you're busy making other plans.
The stars are matter, we're matter, but it doesn't matter.
Don Van Vliet (Captain Beefheart) 
Don Van Vliet (Captain Beefheart) 
It's not worth getting into the bullshit to see what the bull ate.
Don Van Vliet (Captain Beefheart) on drugs 
I think that men has the most highly developed intelligence. I think men get so intelligent that they're stupid.
Don Van Vliet (Captain Beefheart) 
The largest flying land mammal is the absent mind.
Don Van Vliet (Captain Beefheart) 
If a nation values anything more than freedom, it will lose its freedom: and the irony of it is that if it is comfort or money that it values more, it will lose that, too.
Somerset Maugham (1874-1965) font>
Life (and music) is about doing it, because you 'feel' it is a good idea and then maybe, if there's nothing better to do, understanding it.
The one who rides the donkey does not know the ground is hot.
It's easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them.
California is a nice place to live if you happen to be an orange.
When you blame others, you give up your power to change.
Why be a man when you can be a success?
Your theory is crazy, but it's not crazy enough to be true.
I dont want 'yes-men' around me. I want everybody to tell me the truth even if it costs them their jobs.
Unhappy the land that is in need of heroes.t>
To the living we owe respect, but to the dead we owe only the truth.
We apologize for the inconvenience.
God's final message to His creation 
From the moment I picked your book up until I laid it down I was convulsed with laughter. Some day I intend reading it.
The power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it.
George Bernard Shaw (1856-1950) 
If I had to live my life again, I'd make the same mistakes, only sooner.
Tallulah Bankhead (1902-1968) 
All progress has resulted from people who took unpopular positions.
Adlai E. Stevenson (1900-1965) 
A taste for truth at any cost is a passion which spares nothing.
The patient is the one with the disease.
The first commandment was when Eve told Adam to eat the apple.
The greatest miracle in the Bible is when Joshua told his son to stand still, and he obeyed him.
Lot's wife was a pillar of salt by day, but a ball of fire by night.
The problem with political jokes is they get elected.
If God wanted us to fly, He would have given us tickets.
We can't all be heroes because somebody has to sit on the curb and clap as they go by.
Technology is a way of organizing the universe so that man doesn't have to experience it.
If God lived on earth, people would break his windows.
Laugh and the world laughs with you, snore and you sleep alone.
I sometimes think that God, in creating man, overestimated His ability.
We don't want to go back to tomorrow, we want to go forward.
50% of all people are below average.
Some days you're the dog; some days you're the hydrant.
To his dog, every man is Napoleon; hence the constant popularity of dogs.
Women an cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea.
The frog in the deep well cannot see the great ocean.
The velocity with which time flies is infinite as is most apparent to those who look back.
Don't accept your dog's admiration as conclusive evidence that you are wonderful.
If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous, he will not bite you; that is the principal difference between a dog and a man.
The winds and the waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.
They can because they think they can.
Beware, for the most sacred cow may become the tiger's breakfast.
Remember always to be grateful for the millions of people everywhere whose despicable habits make health education necessary.
He who lives by bread alone needs sex education.
Consider the wombat and be grateful.
Be careful how you pronounce health promotion, lest the listener believe self-promotion to be your objective.
In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was an Acronym.
The evaluator counts the ants at the picnic of progress.
Many milestones are also millstones.
It is noble to assist a stricken elephant in rising, but it is foolhardy to catch one that is falling down.
A healthy person is one who has not been adequately researched.
Will the insects prove to be our Control Group?
When the missionaries came to Africa they had the Bible and we had the land. They said let us close our eyes and pray. When we opened our eyes we had the Bible and they had the land.
Mankind fears an evil man, but heaven does not.
Paradise is always where love dwells.
Better know nothing than half-know many things.
If the Indians today are not fictitious, then know them
From the right to know and the duty to inquire flows the obligation to act.
Sandra Steingraber, author of Living Downstream: An Ecologist Looks at Cancer and the Environment 
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
Everyone has a photographic memory. Some just don't have film.
Believe those who are seeking the truth. Doubt those who find it.
Do not fear death so much but rather the inadequate life.
In 1977 there were 37 Elvis impersonators in the world. In 1993, there were 48,000. At this rate, by the year 2010 one out of every three people will be an Elvis impersonator.
Love is a fire - It burns everyone - It disfigures everyone It is the world's excuse for being ugly.
Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty.
John Philpot Curran (1750-1817) 
It is necessary from the very nature of things that power should be a check to power.
Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted.
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former.
Teaching should be such that what is offered is perceived as a valuable gift and not as a hard duty.
Success has a great tendency to conceal and throw a veil over the evil deeds of men.
Happiness is the light on the water. The water is cold and dark and deep. 
Hope is a good breakfast, but it is a bad supper.
Man: How do you like your eggs in the morning?
It is difficult to get a man to understand something when his salary depends upon his not understanding it.
If pro is the opposite of con, is the congress the opposite of progress?
How smooth must be the language of the whites, when they can make right look like wrong, and wrong like right.
Respect means listening until everyone has been heard and understood, only then is there a possibility of 'Balance and Harmony' the goal of Indian Spirituality.
Dave Chief, Grandfather of Red Dog 
Where no one intrudes, many can live in harmony.
The white man says, there is freedom and justice for all. We have had 'freedom and justice', and that is why we have been almost exterminated. We shall not forget this.
From the 1927 Grand Council of American Indians 
Those who take the meat from the table, teach contentment. Those for whom the taxes are destined, demand sacrifice. Those who eat their fill, speak to the hungry of wonderful times to come. Those who lead the country into the abyss, call ruling difficult for ordinary folk.
The utmost good faith shall always be observed towards Indians; their land and property shall never be taken from them without their consent.
Northwest Ordinance, 1787, Ratified by Congress 1789 
Dogs come when they're called; cats take a message and get back to you later.
To be humane, we must ever be ready to pronounce that wise, ingenious and modest statement 'I do not know'.
It is opposition that makes us productive.
What could an entirely rational being speak of with another entirely rational being?
It is not that they cannot see the solution. It is that they cannot see the problem.
Action is the last refuge of those who cannot dream.
Anything worth doing is worth doing slowly.
What is film after all but life with the dull bits cut out?
If we don't know where we are going, it can be helpful to know where we come from.
There is one art of which man should be master, the art of reflection. 
If you can't give me flowers while I'm alive,
Then please don't throw them when I'm gone.
Terry Allen - Singer-Songwriter 
When I rise it will be with the ranks and not from the ranks.
Eugene V. Debs (1855-1926), Founder of the Socialist Party of America 
Teachers who offer you the ultimate answers do not possess the ultimate answers, for if they did, they would know that the ultimate answers cannot be given, they can only be received.
It's not that easy being green.
[Referring to a glass of water:] I mixed this myself. Two parts H, one part O. I don't trust anybody!
I'm moving to Mars next week, so if you have any boxes ...
Friendship is Love without his wings!
I saw a bank that said '24 Hour Banking', but I don't have that much time.
Cross country skiing is great if you live in a small country.
The temple of our purest thoughts is silence.
In the view of the fact that nature is dying, political developments are of secondary importance.
Wolfgang Hildesheimer - German writer
Everything in nature is a cause from which there flows some effect.
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.
Honesty without compassion and understanding, is not honesty, but subtle hostility.
To know the road ahead, ask those coming back.
I saw a sign: 'Rest Area 25 Miles'. That's pretty big. Some people must be really tired.
One time a cop pulled me over for running a stop sign. He said, 'Didn't you see the stop sign?' I said, 'Yeah, but I don't believe everything I read.'
When I woke up this morning my girlfriend asked me, 'Did you sleep good?' I said, 'No, I made a few mistakes.'
I was trying to daydream, but my mind kept wandering.
You can't have everything. Where would you put it?
General observations drawn from particulars are the jewels of knowledge, comprehending great store in a little room.
Of all virtues and dignities of the mind, goodness is the greatest, being the character of the Deity; and without it, man is a busy, mischievous, wretched thing.
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate.
They say we're 98% water. We're that close to drowning ... (picks up his glass of water from the stool) ... I like to live on the edge.
When spiders unite, they can tie down a lion.
I don't believe in miracles. I rely on them.
My theory of evolution is that Darwin was adopted.
I'm not waiting for times to change
I want to live like a free-roaming soul
If you would be a real seeker after truth, it is necessary that at least once in your life you doubt, as far as possible, all things.
Nature has perfections, in order to show that she is the image of God; and defects, to show that she is only his image.
After they make styrofoam, what do they ship it in?
we have lost our sense of wonder and connectedness,
we have degraded the earth and our fellow creatures,
and we have nowhere else to go ...
Democracy it seems is becoming just too inconvenient for Capital.
Be of an exceedingly humble spirit, for the end of man is the worm.
The Talmud (B.C. 500?-400? A.D.)
Strive to preserve your health; and in this you will better succeed in proportion as you keep clear of the physicians, for their drugs are a kind of alchemy concerning which there are no fewer books than there are medicines.
I have the world's largest collection of seashells. I keep it on all the beaches of the world ... perhaps you've seen it.
In Germany, the Nazis first came for the Communists, and I didn't speak up because I was not a Communist.
Then they came for the Jews, and I didn't speak up because I was not a Jew.
Then they came for the trade unionists, and I didn't speak up because I was not a trade unionist.
Then they came for the Catholics, but I didn't speak up because I was a Protestant.
Then they came for me, and by that time no one was left to speak up."
Protestant Pastor Martin Niem ller (1892-1984)
Never befriend the oppressed unless you are prepared to take on the oppressor.
My debts are large, my failures great, my shame secret and heavy; yet when I come to ask for my good, I quake in fear lest my prayer be granted.
Rabindranath Tagore (1861-1941)
Someone sent me a postcard picture of the earth. On the back it said, "Wish you were here."
On September 26th, of the year one thousand two hundred and sixty-four, at dawn, the Duke of Auge climbed to the top of his castle's tower, to consider for a moment the historical situation. He found it rather obscure.
Anybody can win - unless there happens to be a second entry.
Science is Truth. Don't be misled by fact.
Reforms come from below. No man with four aces howls for a new deal.
Any philosophy that can be put 'in a nutshell' belongs there.
A consultant is someone who, when hired to find out what time it is, borrows your watch to find out.
Academic politics is the most vicious and bitter form of politics, because the stakes are so low.
There's a fine line between fishing and standing on the shore looking like an idiot.
Anxiety is the space between the 'now' and the 'then'.
When you stop drinking, you have to deal with this marvelous personality that started you drinking in the first place.
Our inequality materializes our upper class, vulgarizes our middle class, brutalizes our lower class.
If our civilization is destroyed, it will not be by barbarians from below. Our barbarians come from above.
Henry Demarest Lloyd (1847-1903)
To turn $100 into $110 is work. To turn $100 million into $110 million is inevitable.
Sometimes I think more creativity is put into muffin recipes than into the rest of society combined.
We will have to repent in this generation not merely for the hateful words and actions of the bad people but for the appalling silence of the good people.
Highly creative people don't necessarily excel in raw brainpower. They are misfits on some level. They tend to question accepted views and to consider contradictory ones.
The farther backward you can look, the farther forward you are likely to see.
Even when you're dead, you must never allow yourself just to lie down and be buried.
Gordon Lee - English Football Coach
Electric communication will never be a substitute for the face of someone who with their soul encourages another person to be brave and true.
If you think you are too small to be effective, you have never been in bed with a mosquito.
For anyone who has children and doesn't know it, there is a day care centre on the first floor.
If flying is so safe, why do they call the airport the terminal?
Why are there Interstates in Hawaii?
Why is a bra singular and panties plural?
Why are they called apartments when they are all stuck together?
I like to listen. I have learned a great deal from listening carefully. Most people never listen.
Having fun is about as good a habit as there is.
Jimmy Buffet, singer and songwriter
You say 'I am rich; acquired wealth and do not need a thing.' But you do not realise that you are wretched, pitiful, poor, blind and naked.
Revelation 3:17 (God via John 95 AD)
When you're poor you're called good-for-nothing, when you're rich you're called president.
Conrado de Quiros, Philippine journalist
Electronic communication makes possible what has previously been excluded: namely, active, simultaneous and reciprocal contact between individuals across all frontiers constituted by countries, religions and continents.
Madness is no madness when shared.
We have managed to make the celebration of diversity our mode of resistance.
Vandana Shiva, Alternate Nobel Prize winner
If Picasso walked into Disney looking for a job, they would throw him out on the street. Couldn't draw good enough.
Every one is a moon and has a dark side which he never shows to anybody.
